feat: initial storage slots docs (#2842)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/tutorials/writing_dapp/contract_interaction.md

## Working with public state

> While they are [fundamentally differently](../../../concepts/foundation/state_model/main.md), the API for working with private and public functions and state from `aztec.js` is equivalent. To query the balance in public tokens for our user accounts, we can just call the `publicBalanceOf` view function in the contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [private and public state](../../../concepts/foundation/state_model/main.md) are fundamentally different, the API for working with private and public functions and state from `aztec.js` is equivalent. To query the balance in public tokens for our user accounts, we can just call the `balance_of_public` view function in the contract:
```
